README.md, before:

<img src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/GcSqyYa2aF8dy/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47wqfjw3967kyupppy6l0l317voa7baayzxxx319dc&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g" width="100%">

# What to-do?!

A simple to-do applictaion built in PHP (with some help from other languages).
The assigment was to create a full functioning to-do app where the user can:

-   Create an account.

-   Login.

-   Logout.

-   Edit account email and password.

-   Upload a profile avatar image.

-   Create new tasks with title, description and deadline date.

-   Edit my tasks.

-   Delete my tasks.

-   Mark tasks as completed.

-   Mark tasks as uncompleted.

-   Create new task lists with title.

-   Edit my task lists.

-   Delete my task lists along with all tasks.

-   Add a task to a list.

-   View all tasks.

-   View all tasks within a list.

-   View all tasks which should be completed today.

# Installation

1. Clone repo via the terminal or GitHub desktop.
2. Run the application in localhost.

# Code Review

Code review written by [Nelly Svarvare Petrén](https://github.com/NellySP).

1. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
2. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
3. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
4. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
5. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
6. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
7. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
8. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
9. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
10. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.

# Testers

Tested by the following people:

1. Jane Doe
2. John Doe

Commit message:

Users can now remove tasks from lists + tweaks and functions
Users can now remove tasks from lists and view them under "all tasks". New functions where added so that tasks were displayed better and dropdowns have new orders as well.

README.md, after:

<img src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/GcSqyYa2aF8dy/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47wqfjw3967kyupppy6l0l317voa7baayzxxx319dc&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g" width="100%">

# What to-do?!

A simple to-do applictaion built in PHP (with some help from other languages).
The assigment was to create a full functioning to-do app where the user can:

-   Create an account.

-   Login.

-   Logout.

-   Edit account email and password.

-   Upload a profile avatar image.

-   Create new tasks with title, description and deadline date.

-   Edit my tasks.

-   Delete my tasks.

-   Mark tasks as completed.

-   Mark tasks as uncompleted.

-   Create new task lists with title.

-   Edit my task lists.

-   Delete my task lists along with all tasks.

-   Add a task to a list.

-   View all tasks.

-   View all tasks within a list.

-   View all tasks which should be completed today.

-   **Extra:** User is able to delete the account along with all tasks and lists.

-   **Extra:** As a user I'm able to remove a task from a list.

# Installation

1. Clone repo via the terminal or GitHub desktop.
2. Run the application in localhost.

# Code Review

Code review written by [Nelly Svarvare Petrén](https://github.com/NellySP).

1. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
2. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
3. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
4. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
5. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
6. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
7. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
8. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
9. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.
10. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.

# Testers

Tested by the following people:

1. Jane Doe
2. John Doe
